
The following is transcribed from pages 2-3 of the Quail Creek plat blueprints,
D.D.E.S. File No. S89P0060

Steve Hollasch, 2000-Sep-20
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[From Page Two]

Notes

1.  DRAINAGE EASEMENT RESTRICTIONS

    Structures, fill or obstructions (including but not
    limited to decks, patios, outbuildings, or overhangs)
    shall not be permitted beyond the building setback line or
    within the drainage easements.  Additionally, grading and
    construction of fencing shall not be allowed within the
    drainage easements shown on this plat map unless otherwise
    approved by King County Surface Water Management.

2.  All building downspouts, footing drains and drains from
    all impervious surfaces such as patios and driveways shall
    be connecteed to the approved permanent storm drain outlet
    as shown on the approved construction drawings
    No. P2030 A-M on file with King County Department of
    Development and Environmental Services (DDES).  This plan
    shall be submited with the application for any
    buildin permit.  All connections of the drains must be
    constructed and approved prior to the final
    building inspection approval.  For those lots that are
    designed for individual lot infiltration systems, the
    systems shall be constructed at the time of the building
    permit and shall comply with said plans.  All individual
    storm drainage stub-outs shall be privately owned and
    maintained by the lot homeowners.

3.  Any planter island (if any) within any turnaround shall be
    maintained by the abutting lot owners.

4.  BUILDING SETBACKS AND NATIVE GROWTH PROTECTION EASEMENTS

    Structures, fill and obstructions (including but not
    limited to decks, patios, outbuildings, or overhangs
    beyond eighteen inches) are prohibited beyond the building
    setback line, and within a 25-year flood plain (if
    applicable), and within the Native Growth Protection
    Easement(s) as shown.

    Dedication of a Native Growth Protection Easement (NGPE)
    conveys to the public a beneficial interest in the land
    within the easement.  This interest includes the
    preservation of native vegetation for all purposes that
    benefit the public healt, safety and welfare, including
    control of surface water and erosion, maintenance of
    slope stability, visual and aural buffering, and
    upon all present and future owners and occupiers of land
    subject to the easement the obligation, enforceable on
    behalf of the public by King County to leave undisturbed
    all trees and other vegetation within the easement.  The
    vegetation within the easement may not be cut, pruned,
    covered by fill, removed or damaged without express
    permission from King County, which permission must be
    obtained in writing from the King County Department of
    Development and Environmental Services (DDES) or its
    successor agency.

    Before beginning and during the course of any grading,
    building construction, or other development activity on a
    lot subject to the NGPE, the common boundary between the
    easement and the area of development activity must be
    fenced or otherwise marked to the satisfaction of King
    County.

    A 20' wide NGPE exception shall be allowed on lot 38 for
    installation of a driveway and a utility conduit as shown
    on approved construction drawings P2030 A-M on file with
    King County Department of Development and Environmental
    Services.

5.  There shall be no direct vehicular ingress or egress
    allowed to NE Ames Lake Road from Lot 1.

6.  Tracts A and B, permanent, private open area:  As a
    requirement for approval, these Tracts are set aside and
    reserved for permanent, private open space and
    recreational use for the benefit of the present and future
    owner(s) of the lots in this subdivision as authorized by
    Ordinance No. 9777.  As a condition of approval, the
    undersigned owner(s) of interest in the land hereby
    subdivided do grant and convey a perpetual easement in
    Tracts A and B for the use and benefit of all present and
    future owner(s) of the lots in this subdivision authorized
    by Ordinance No. 9777.  Except as shown on the plat, no
    buildings shall beplaced on Tracts A and B and such
    Tracts shall not be further subdivided or used for
    financial gain.

    Tracts A and B are herein granted and conveyed to the owners
    of Lots 1 though 40 with an equal and undivided interest upon
    the recording of this plat and said Lot owners shall be
    responsible for the perpetual maintenance of Tracts A and B.

7.  Subject to exceptions and reservations of coal and mineral
    rights by deed recorded under Auditor's File No. 5419328.

8.  Tract D, Private Road, is herein granted and conveyed to
    the owners of Lots 25 & 26 upon the recording of this plat
    for the purpose of ingress, egress, drainage and utilities.
    Said lot owners shall be responsible for the perpetual
    maintenance and repair of this private road and shall pay
    the costs incurred.

9.  Tract E, Private Road, shall be granted and conveyed to
    the adjacent property owner to the north by Quit Claim
    Deed after the recording of this plat for the purpose of
    ingress, egress, drainage and utilities.  Said future
    owner shall be responsible for the construction of and
    perpetual maintenance and repair of the private road and
    shall pay the costs incurred.

10. Tracts C and F, Public Stormwater Detention Facilities,
    are herein dedicated to King County upon the recording of
    this plat.  King County shall be responsible for the
    perpetual maintenance of Tracts C and F.

11. Sight Distance Easement (as shown on Lots 17 and 18):  the
    area within this easement shall remain unobstructed and at
    grade no higher than one foot above proposed grade as
    shown on Sheet 12 of 14 of approved construction drawings
    P2030 A-M on file with King County D.D.E.S.

12. Sight Distance Easement (as shown on Lot 36):  the area
    within this easement shall remain unobstructed and at
    grade no higher than one foot above proposed grade as
    shown on Sheet 11 of 14 of approved construction drawings
    P2030 A-M on file with King County D.D.E.S.

13. Subject to a Mitigation Agreement for adverse impacts on
    the Snoqualmie Valley School District No. 410, whereby the
    Developer agrees to pay the mitigation payment of $980.00
    per approved single-family dwelling unit prior to or at the
    time of final plat approval, as recorded under Rec. No.
    9210060399.  Note: $39,000.00 paid to Snoqualmie Valley School District
    #410 on 7-12-94.  This payment satisfies the condition 25 of examiner's report.

14. The house address system for this plat shall be as follows:
    Addresses shall be assigned for the North-South roads with-
    in the range of 2401 to 2799 and within the range of 27461
    to 27999 for the East-West roads.  Individual addresses will
    be assigned to the principle entrance of each residence or
    building in accordance with King County code 16.08.

15. Alternate sewage disposal systems may be required on all Lots.

16. There shall be no direct vehicular ingress or egress to Quail
    Creek Way NE from Lots 26, 27, 28 and 29.

17. All trees 12 inches in diameter -- breast-height or greater as shown
    on Lots 31, 32, 35, 36, 37 and 38 on approved construction
    drawings No. P2030J and P2030K on file with King County D.D.E.S.
    shall be preserved unless necessary to remove for building
    pads or safety.  No cutting shall occur until approved by
    D.D.E.S.

18. M.P.S. fees for roads not paid at plat recording.



RESTRICTIONS

No lot or portion of a lot in this plat shall be divided and
sold or resold or ownership changed or transformed whereby the
ownership of any portion of this plat shall be less than the
area required for the use district in which it is located.  No
further subdivision of any lot shall be permitted without
resubmitting for formal plat procedure.



[From Page Three]

EASEMENT PROVISIONS

An easement is hereby reserved for and granted to
TANNER ELECTRIC COMPANY, P.T.I. COMMUNICATIONS,
WASHINGTON NATURAL GAS, SUMMIT CABLEVISION, AMES LAKE WATER
ASSOCIATION, and their respective successors and assigns,
under and upon the exterior 10 feet parallel with and
adjoining the street frontage of all lots, tracts and parcels
in which to install, lay construct, renew operate and maintain
underground conduits, cables, pipe, and wires with necessary
facilities and other equipment for the purpose of serving
this subsdivision and other property with electric, telephone,
and utility service together with the right to enter upon
the lots, tracts and parcels at all times for the purposes
herein stated.

No lines or wires for the transmission of electric current or
for telephone use, CATV, fire or police signals, or for other
purposes, shall be placed or permitted to be placed upon any
lot outside the buildings thereon unless the same shall be
underground or in conduit attached to the building.
