

                                     BYLAWS
                                       OF
                       QUAIL CREEK HOMEOWNERS' ASSOCIATION



                                   ARTICLE I

                               NAME AND OFFICES


    1.1  Name.  The name of this Association is QUAIL CREEK HOMEOWNERS'
         ASSOCIATION.


    1.2  Office.  The principal office of the Association shall be at such
         location as the Board of Directors (the "Board") may from time to
         time determine.



                                   ARTICLE II

                                    MEETINGS


    The following provisions shall govern meetings of the members of the
    Association:


    2.1  Control of Association.  Quail Creek Associates (the "Developer")
    will relinquish management of the affairs of the Association to the
    members (the "Owners" of the lots in Quail Creek) upon the earlier of (i)
    the date that ___ percent of the lots in Quail Creek have completed homes
    constructed thereon, or (ii) on ___________________.


    2.2  Place of Meetings.  All meetings of the Owners shall be held at the
    principal office of the Association, or at such other place(s) as the
    Board may from time to time determine.


    2.3  Annual Meeting.  The first annual meeting shall be held within sixty
    (60) days after the Developer turns over management of the affairs of the
    Association to the Owners. Annual meetings of the Owners shall be held
    each 12 months thereafter on a date set by the Board. The annual meeting
    shall be for the purpose of (i) electing one or more Board members,
    (iii) [sic] transacting any other business of the Association.


    2.4  Special Meetings.  A special meeting of the Owners may at any time be
    called by a majority of (i) the Directors, or (ii) the Owners. No special
    meeting may be called until at least sixty (60) days after the Developer
    turns over management of the affairs of the Association to the Owners.


    2.5  Notice of Meetings.  A notice setting forth the time and place of the
    annual or special meeting (and the purpose thereof if a special meeting is
    to be held), shall be given to each Owner at least thirty (30) days prior
    to the date of the meeting. The notice requirement may be waived by an
    Owner if done so in writing.


    2.6  Quorum.  The presence in person, by written ballot, or by written
    proxy, of one half (1/2) of the Owners shall constitute a quorum for the
    transaction of business.  All proxies and written ballots shall be in
    writing subscribed by the party entitled to cast the vote(s) represented
    thereby, or by his/her duly authorized attorney-in-fact.  No proxy shall be
    valid or confer any right or authority to vote or act thereunder unless
    such proxy has been presented to the Secretary of the Association prior to
    the meeting at which that proxy is to be used.


    2.7  Voting.  Each lot within the Quail Creek plat shall be entitled to one
    vote. If a lot has more than one owner, only one owner may cast a vote.


    2.8  Adjournment of Meetings.  If a quorum of Owners is not present at a
    meeting, such meeting shall be adjourned until such time that a meeting
    can be rescheduled with a quorum present.  The reasons for the adjournment
    shall be recorded in the minutes of the proceedings of the Association.


    2.9  Action of Shareholders Without Meeting.  Any action under any
    provision of these Bylaws which may be taken at a meeting of the Owners,
    may be taken without a meeting if a record or memorandum of such action be
    made in writing and signed by a majority of the Owners who would be
    entitled to vote at a meeting for such purpose as of the date such
    memorandum is executed. Such a record or memorandum shall be made a part
    of the Association records. All action taken without a meeting shall
    require the vote of a majority of all Owners rather than a majority of any
    quorum.  



                                  ARTICLE III

                                   DIRECTORS


    3.1  Initial Authority of Developer.  The business and the property of the
    Association shall be managed and controlled by the Board. Notwithstanding
    the foregoing, the Developer shall have all authority which would
    otherwise be vested in the Board until such time as a Board is elected at
    the first annual meeting as provided in Section 2.3 herein.


    3.2  Number and Term of Office.  The Association shall have three (3)
    Directors unless the Owners vote to increase or decrease said number.
    Three Directors shall be elected at the first annual meeting. One of the
    Directors elected shall serve for a three year term, one shall serve for a
    two year term, and the other shall serve for a one year term. Thereafter,
    one Director shall be elected at each annual meeting of the Owners to
    replace the Director whose term is expiring. The Director  elected at each
    annual meeting shall hold office for three (3) years, or until such
    Director sooner dies, resigns or is removed.


    3.3  Vacancies.  If any vacancy shall occur among the Board by death,
    resignation, or otherwise, then a successor shall be elected either by the
    Board then constituted, though less than a quorum, or by a special meeting
    of the Owners called for that purpose by the Board. The successor so
    elected shall serve for the remainder of the term of the Director who has
    died, resigned or otherwise is no longer serving.


    3.4  Meetings.  The Board may hold meetings, without notice to the Owners,
    at a time and place the Board may from time to time determine.


    3.5  Notice of Meetings.  Notice of each meeting of the Board shall be
    given to each Director at least five (5) days before the meeting. The
    notice shall be given either by personal service on a Director, or by
    mailing to such Director, United States Mail, first class postage prepaid
    properly addressed to the last known address of such Director, and shall
    be deemed to be given and received (if mailed) three (3) days following
    the date of mailing. Attendance of a Director at a meeting shall
    constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the Director
    attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the
    transaction of any business on account of the meeting not being lawfully
    called or convened, and such objection is made in writing.


    3.6  Quorum.  A majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the
    transaction of business. The act of the majority of the Board present at
    any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board.


    3.7  Board Actions Without Meetings.  Any action under any provision of
    these Bylaws which may be taken at a meeting of the Board, may be taken
    without a meeting if a record or memorandum of such action be made in
    writing and signed by a majority of the Board. Such a record shall be made
    a part of the Association records.


    3.8  Removal of Directors.  The Owners, by a majority vote, and at a
    meeting called for that purpose, may remove from office, either with or
    without cause, any Director, and the vacancy thereby created may be filled
    as provided in section 3.2 of these Bylaws.


    3.9  Remuneration.  The Board shall not receive any fee for their services
    as Directors.



                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    OFFICERS


    4.0  Offices to be Filled.  The officers of the Association shall be
    selected from among the Board, and shall consist of a President, a
    Secretary, and a Treasurer, and such additional officers as the Board may
    from time to time determine to be proper. Any two offices, except those of
    President and Secretary, may be filled by the same person.  No officer
    shall execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one
    capacity, if such instrument is required by law or by these Bylaws to be
    executed, acknowledged or verified by two or more officers.


    4.1  Term.  The term of office for all officers shall be one (1) year, or
    until their successor is elected.


    4.2  President.  The powers and duties of the President shall be:

        (1) To preside at all meetings of the Board.

        (2) To call all meetings of the Board.

        (3) Except when otherwise directed by the Board, to affix (with the
    Secretary) the signature of the Association to all deeds, conveyances,
    mortgages and other papers and instruments in writing that may require
    the same, to sign certificates of stock of the Association, and to
    supervise and control, subject to the direction of the Board, all
    officers, agents and employees of the Association.


    4.3  Secretary.  The powers and duties of the Secretary shall be:

        (1) To keep full and complete records of the meetings of the Board and
    of the Owners.

        (2) To countersign all documents described in section 4.3(3) above,
    except when otherwise directed by the Board.

        (3) To serve and/or publish all notices that may be required.

        (4) To supervise and control the keeping of the accounts and books of
    the Association.

        (5) To perform all other duties as may be required by the Board.


    4.4  Treasurer.  The powers and duties of the Treasurer shall be:

        (1) To receive all moneys belonging to, or paid to, the Association,
    and to deposit such moneys with one or more solvent and reputable banks
    to be designated by the Board, and to keep full and complete records of
    the funds received and the disbursement thereof.

        (2) To render to the Owners at the annual meeting, and to the Board at
    any meeting of the Board, an account of all transactions of the Treasurer,
    and of the financial condition of the Association.

        (3) To make the books of the Association available for inspection by
    one or more Board members, or by any committee appointed by the Board,
    during regular business hours.

        (4) To perform such other duties as may from time to time be
    prescribed by the Board.


    4.5  Removal of Officers.  The Officers of the Association shall hold
    office at the pleasure of the Directors. Any elected or appointed officer
    may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
    Board. Any vacancy occurring in any office of this Association shall be
    filled by the Board at a special meeting called for that purpose.


    4.6  Salaries.  All officers of the Association shall serve without salary.



                                   ARTICLE V

                             EVIDENCE OF OWNERSHIP


    5.1  No Certificates.  Membership in the Association shall be established
    by proof of ownership of one or more lots in Quail Creek.


    5.2  Transfer of Membership.  The Association membership shall be
    appurtenant to the Lot(s) giving rise to such membership, and shall not be
    assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, conveyed or alienated in any
    way except upon the transfer of title to the Lot and then only to the
    transferee of title to the Lot. Any attempt to make a prohibited transfer
    shall be void. Transfer to title to a Lot shall operate automatically to
    transfer the membership in the Association to the new Owner.



                                  ARTICLE VI

                                 MISCELLANEOUS


    6.1  Waiver of Notice.  Whenever any notice is required to be given by
    these Bylaws, or other applicable law, a waiver of notice in writing, or
    approval in writing of the action taken, signed by the person or persons
    entitled to the notice, whether before or after the time stated in the
    notice, shall be deemed equivalent to actual receipt of a proper notice.


    6.2  Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Association shall be the
    calendar year, unless and until such time as the Board otherwise determine.


    6.3  Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  The Board and Officers of
    the Association are hereby indemnified by the Association for their lawful
    conduct to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Board and Officers of
    the Association shall not be individually liable for any discretionary
    decision or failure to make a discretionary decision within their official
    capacity as a Director or Officer, unless the decision or failure to
    decide constitutes gross negligence. Furthermore, no Board members or
    Officers shall be liable to the Association or the Owners for monetary
    damages for conduct as a Director or Officer unless the actions leading to
    the monetary damages involve intentional misconduct.



                                  ARTICLE VII

                                  AMENDMENTS


    These Bylaws, or any portion thereof, may at anytime be amended upon a
    vote of a majority of the Owners.



    DEVELOPER

    QUAIL CREEK ASSOCIATES, a joint venture partnership

    WELLINGTON-MORRIS CORPORATION, partner

    By:  GREGORY SAHAR, its Vice President
